Apple, Inc.
A large and costly multinational company, founded by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak in 1976, in which high-tech software and equipment are designed that are aimed at everyone and are of incredible acceptance. These are some of the products produced by Apple for the new millennium: iMac, a computer with round lines and bright colors condensed all over the monitor. The iPod family, totally portable music players. The iPhone, the first phone of the brand, which is characterized by its high-performance touch screen. Macbook, are Apple laptops, which are distributed with their own operating system, the Mac OS.
Amazon, Inc.
It's a US company responsible for electronic commerce and cloud computing services at different levels with headquarters in the city of Seattle located in the State of Washington. In other words, it is an e-commerce corporation rated as the most important worldwide, whose main motto is "and you're done". At the beginning Amazon was an online store of books, but with time and thanks to their great success, they also started the commercialization of other products such as movies, videogames, or music CDs. This American company is one of the main companies in selling goods through the Internet. The Amazon corporation nowadays also owns The Washington Post, Alexa Internet, Internet Movie Database (IMDb). The Amazon company has installed independent websites in the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Japan, Spain, Mexico and China, among others.
The Boeing Company
It is a US multinational company that designs, manufactures and sells airplanes, helicopters, missiles and satellites and provides advice and technical service. Boeing is one of the largest aircraft manufacturers in the world, the second largest defense contractor in the world, according to data from 2013, and the largest exporter in the United States based on the value of the dollar. Boeing is organized into five main divisions: Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) (commercial aircraft), Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS), Engineering, Operations & Technology, Boeing Capital and Boeing Shared Services Group.
Blockbuster LLC
Founded in 1985 by David Cook in Dallas, Texas, this DVD rental company tok the world by storm, becoming a giant of the industry by the early 1990s. At its peak, Blockbuster employed 84,300 people worldwide, including about 58,500 in the United States and about 25,800 in other countries, and had 9,094 stores.
Best Buy Co., Inc.
A company specialized in the sale of electronic products, among others, within the United States, Canada, Mexico and China. In total, it operates about 1,150 stores in the United States, Canada, China, Mexico and Turkey. The company's headquarters are located in Richfield, Minnesota, United States.
BP P.L.C
Formerly British Petroleum, it is a British multinational oil and gas company headquartered in London. It is one of the world's seven oil and gas "supermajors", whose performance in 2012 made it the world's sixth-largest oil and gas company. It is a vertically integrated company operating in all areas of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It also has renewable energy interests in biofuels and wind power.
Citigroup, Inc.
A world financial services company based in New York and the first US company that could combine insurance and banking after the great depression of 1929. It was created on April 7, 1998 as a merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group. It is a primary dealer of US Treasury securities.
Caterpillar, Inc.
Founded in 1925, of the United States, with headquarters in Peoria, Illinois. Caterpillar (or CAT) is the largest manufacturer of construction machinery and mining equipment, diesel engines and industrial gas turbines. In 2003 the company purchased the Italian Bitelli brand of asphalt and compactor pavers, which now makes equipment Caterpillar for distribution in Europe and Africa.
Daimler AG
An important company, mainly dedicated to the automotive industry. Its main brands are Maybach, Mercedes-Benz and Smart. DaimlerChrysler is the third largest car company in the world, after Toyota and General Motors. It had its headquarters in Stuttgart, Germany, and grouped brands Maybach, Mercedes-Benz, Dodge, Chrysler, Jeep, Smart and part of Mitsubishi Motors. From the end of 2007, the Chrysler, Dodge and Jeep brands became Chrysler LLC, and the German company changed its name to Daimler AG.
Ford Motor Company
American Multinational Automotive Company based in Dearborn, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit. It was  founded by Henry Ford and was incorporated on June 16, 1903. The company sells automobiles and commercial vehicles under the Ford brand and most luxury cars under the Lincoln brand. Ford also owns Brazilian SUV manufacturer, Troller, and the performance of the Australian manufacturer FPV car. In the past, it has also produced tractors and automotive components.
Intel Corporation
The largest manufacturer of integrated circuits in the world. The American company is the creator of the x86 series of processors, the processors most commonly found in most personal computers. Intel was founded on July 18, 1968 as Integrated Electronics Corporation (although a common misconception is that "Intel" comes from the word intelligence) by semiconductor pioneers Robert Noyce and Gordon Moore.
J.P. Morgan Chase
It's a financial company created in 2000 from the merger of Chase Manhattan Corporation and J.P. Morgan & Co. It is one of the oldest financial services companies in the world. The company, headquartered in New York, is a leader in banking investments, financial services, financial asset management and private investments.
The Coca-Cola Company
Produces a soft and refreshing beverage, sold worldwide, in stores, restaurants and vending machines in more than two hundred countries or territories. Initially, when it was invented by the pharmacist John Pemberton, it was conceived as a patented medicinal drink, although it was later acquired by businessman Asa Griggs Candler, whose marketing tactics made the beverage one of the most consumed of the 20th century, and XXI. The company produces a concentrate of Coca-Cola that it then sells to several licensed bottling companies. Coca Cola is the most purchased brand worldwide, and its biggest competitor is Pepsi, also a US beverage.
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
Global financial services company of the United States founded in 1850. It stands out in investment banking, management of financial assets and investments in fixed income, commercial banking, investment management and banking services in general.
General Motors Corporation
American company specialized in automobiles, trucks and motors, founded in 1908. This company is headquartered in Detroit, Michigan. For much of the twentieth century was recognized as the world's largest producer of automobiles, while having Chevrolet under as one of its many brands, considered the best-selling one of this century.
Motorola, Inc.
It’s an eighty-year-old American company with a strong global presence including Latin America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. Motorola is a pioneer and world leader in manufacturing several communication and mobile communication devices such as the DSL modem, network devices, barcode scanners and so on.
Sprint Corporation
A communications company offering a range of wireless and wireline communications products and services that are designed to meet the needs of consumers, businesses, government subscribers and resellers. It operates through two segments: Wireless and Wireline. The Company offers wireless and wireline services to subscribers in approximately 50 states.
Starbucks Corporation
It is an international coffee chain founded in Washington (United States). It is the largest coffee company in the world, with more than 24,000 locations in 70 countries. Starbucks sells processed coffee, hot beverages, and other beverages, as well as snacks and some other products such as cups, thermos, and coffee beans. It also offers books, music CDs, and movies.
AT&T, Inc.
It is a US telecommunications company. It provides voice, video, data and Internet services to businesses, clients and government agencies. During its long history it has been, on occasions, the largest telephone company in the world and the largest cable television operator in the United States, coming to be classified as a monopoly. In 2005 it merged with its competitor SBC Communications.
Trump Entretainment Resorts, Inc.
A company dedicated to build and operate casinos and hotels in Las Vegas and Atlantic City, whose majority shareholder and founder is Donald Trump. It was founded in 1988, as part of Trump's plan, to expand its real estate empire into the gaming industry.
